<div class="markdown prose break-words dark:prose-invert light"><h1>SUBLEQ Processor</h1><p>This repository contains the Verilog code for a basic SUBLEQ processor, as well as some supporting modules. The SUBLEQ (Subtract and branch if Less-than or Equal to Zero) instruction set is a simple, one-instruction set architecture (OISA) that performs the subtraction of two operands, and branches to a specified address if the result is less than or equal to zero.</p><h2>File Descriptions</h2><ul><li><p><code>CU_microcode.mem</code>: This file contains the microcode for the Control Unit (CU) of the SUBLEQ processor. It defines the sequence of operations that the processor should execute for each instruction.</p></li><li><p><code>buffer_block_v01.v</code>: This file contains the code for a simple buffer module that can be used to temporarily store data.</p></li><li><p><code>data_register_v01.v</code>: This file contains the code for a basic data register module that can be used to store and retrieve data.</p></li><li><p><code>counter_register_v01.v</code>: This file contains the code for a counter register module that can be used to store and increment/decrement a value.</p></li><li><p><code>subtractor_block_v01.v</code>: This file contains the code for a subtractor module that can be used to perform subtraction between two operands.</p></li><li><p><code>SUBLEQ_v01.v</code>: This is the main SUBLEQ processor module, which combines the CU, data registers, counter registers, and subtractor module to execute the SUBLEQ instruction set.</p></li></ul></div>
